Lung telecom t1 dj cj Entus confrontation y result sk telecom t1
Haetneundeyo only yesterday received a bedding pad so today mvp player
I would like to ask you a big box with the order of Chosun. Hello. Hi.
4 It is still a game that shows the stability of the won or the player.
I'll ask Jesus showed Iooked specialties lull ask
Well, once you do this,
I thought it was a reading.
I get to be a little careless when with my little ah the last order for the players tell their labor
Have spent a little rest in the victory that Victory
The writing experience to get the dead Oh yeah that seems a little careless
Tomorrow is now the last cj before
I showed a better picture than today.
I'm doing this because I'm going to change this to the 4th floor,
Tomorrow is a score of 4 that matches the name of our sk telecom t1
I do not overwhelming Map
Yes, sir. 4 I'm still memorable yesterday .
You came out with it.
4 won the players do a Mac today, it'll prevent so called paddle
You showed me.
When I studied teranjeon rather than you've come to really study now
I'm confident that I'm not in the spot player in the world .
so
I am
If you look at what Terran is doing, it's like I'm crying.
Visible
I just saw what I wanted and I really
So I'm just watching you seen this weakness transparent VHS all unemployed are not the faces
I wanted to do it .
It was last year when I was in the Gangnam area after the previous year .
What I wanted to see was a rewarding Gangnam style dance.
4 Can you show me again
Which one Oh how to spend it on the dollar How much I owe it to myself
I think I need to get a little bit thin in the past .
The theme of this project is to learn mechanic works again.
I think the strike will learn to paddle Karim cap cheotbang
Tibia or something to be aware of Please let me know
Like always halved immature to Mecca deuldeon
I do not think this is going to happen tomorrow .
Dongyou will surely write to thank you not your last but finally the ticket to the finals
I have a problem with that.
I'd appreciate it if you could.
It's good when we prepare for the playoffs originally 4 0 0 4 4 neatly
I climbed up fast and got a faster rate.
Or it's such a little unexpected to some top line
I think it's getting a little tough fighting.
We want our team members to grow up so individual,
I think I did .
Since yesterday, but we seem to be able to defeat just one dock connection
I think yesterday's increase, I was glad to personally lead
* When you look at the win, so the final cj of tomorrow
I will be able to interview this part-time person in an overwhelming manner.
I have four good word byeonsa 4 will be more inclined interview last four defeats
Sk Telecom will be the stimulus that was a very big role to t1
The same
I also really like that one would expect doeneundeyo sk telecom players to win today,
I'd like a big round of applause again.
Yes. I'll finish the interview here.